README.md, before:

# Introduction
VR Puzzler is a Virtual Reality based puzzle game set in a dark dungeon. The viewer enters a dungeon and must solve a simple memory puzzle (similar to Simon Says) in order to exit the dungeon. Upon completion the user is given the option to play again.

# Development Process
The process to develop this VR game consisted of several stages:
* Creating wireframe sketches to depict the environment and UI layouts.
* Building the environment and scripting interactions.
* Testing the initial version with users and collecting feedback.
* Implementing feedback and building final version
   
## Wireframes
Below are a few of my initial wireframes.

![Environment Wireframe](./Documentation/images/wireframe_environment.jpg 'Environment Wireframe')

The Environment wireframe shows the starting position (1), the playing position (2) and the end position (3)

![UI Wireframe](./Documentation/images/wireframe_UI.jpg 'UI Wireframe')

The UI Wireframe shows the starting and ending (restart) UI dialogs.
        
## Building Environment
To build the environment I started with some dungeon prefabs already provided. I then duplicated pieces such as walls, floor, and roof elements and positioned them until I had a fully enclosed dungeon of sufficient size. 

The image below shows the final dungeon with game orbs before lighting was implemented.
  
![Building dungeon](./Documentation/images/environment1.jpg 'Building dungeon')
  
Once the dungeon was fully modeled I added lights and adjusted them until they created the desired effect. The image below shows the final lighting effect in one of the corners of the dungeon.

![Dungeon Lighting](./Documentation/images/environment2.jpg 'Dungeon lighting')
        
## User Testing
I tested the game with my girlfriend, Emily. I would not consider Emily a gamer although she has tried some VR applications (at my behest) before. 

![User Test](./Documentation/images/user_test1.jpg)
        
Emily had no trouble figuring out how to play the game and was successful on her first attempt. The main feedback I received from her was:
* There should be more puzzles
* The viewing angle seemed relatively low

## Final Build
Based on my user testing feedback I raised the viewing position along the Y axis.

You can see a quick demonstration of the final build in the video below.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R4BtrslHDg8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
        
# Conclusion
The VR Puzzler project was a fun little project to practice building VR interactivity from start to finish.

In the future I might expand on this project to increase the size of the dungeon and add more waypoints with multiple puzzles.

Commit message:

Added second user test and about me section

README.md, after:

# Introduction
VR Puzzler is a Virtual Reality based puzzle game set in a dark dungeon. The viewer enters a dungeon and must solve a simple memory puzzle (similar to Simon Says) in order to exit the dungeon. Upon completion the user is given the option to play again.

# About Me
My name is [Justin Ireland](http://justinireland.com) and I developed this VR puzzle game as part of Udacity's VR Nanodegree program. I have been working with VR and simulation, and immersive display systems since 2004 but in the last 6 years I've been focusing more on interactive application development.

# Development Process
The process to develop this VR game consisted of several stages:
* Creating wireframe sketches to depict the environment and UI layouts.
* Building the environment and scripting interactions.
* Testing the initial version with users and collecting feedback.
* Implementing feedback and building final version
   
## Wireframes
Below are a few of my initial wireframes.

![Environment Wireframe](./Documentation/images/wireframe_environment.jpg 'Environment Wireframe')

The Environment wireframe shows the starting position (1), the playing position (2) and the end position (3)

![UI Wireframe](./Documentation/images/wireframe_UI.jpg 'UI Wireframe')

The UI Wireframe shows the starting and ending (restart) UI dialogs.
        
## Building Environment
To build the environment I started with some dungeon prefabs already provided. I then duplicated pieces such as walls, floor, and roof elements and positioned them until I had a fully enclosed dungeon of sufficient size. 

The image below shows the final dungeon with game orbs before lighting was implemented.
  
![Building dungeon](./Documentation/images/environment1.jpg 'Building dungeon')
  
Once the dungeon was fully modeled I added lights and adjusted them until they created the desired effect. The image below shows the final lighting effect in one of the corners of the dungeon.

![Dungeon Lighting](./Documentation/images/environment2.jpg 'Dungeon lighting')
        
## User Testing

### User Test 1
I first tested the game with my girlfriend, Emily. I would not consider Emily a gamer although she has tried some VR applications (at my behest) before. 

![User Test](./Documentation/images/user_test1.jpg)
        
Emily had no trouble figuring out how to play the game and was successful on her first attempt. The main feedback I received from her was:
* There should be more puzzles
* The viewing angle seemed relatively low

### User Test 2
My second user test was with my friend, Matt. Matt is not what you might consider a gamer, nor has he had any previous experience with VR. However, Matt enjoyed the experience and did not have any other suggestions or recommendations.

## Final Build
Based on my user testing feedback I raised the viewing position along the Y axis.

You can see a quick demonstration of the final build in the video below.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R4BtrslHDg8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
        
# Conclusion
The VR Puzzler project was a fun little project to practice building VR interactivity from start to finish.

In the future I might expand on this project to increase the size of the dungeon and add more waypoints with multiple puzzles.
